# MAGA Is Dead

Finally. From Reagan to Clinton to Trump, “MAGA” has always been a scam. What we actually need is MAMA: Make America Marxist Again. For generations, we’ve been systematically deceived about the nature of Marxism, as well as capitalism, which as a dogmatic orthodoxy has become our state-imposed national religion. But people are waking up, refusing to bow down to Mammon and billionaire demigods. This website exists to be an open-source, community repository of information exposing the truth.

The truth is that America’s catastrophically failing economy needs radical change, and elites like the Epstein class are the problem. Not immigrants. Not transgender people. Not socialists and other “radical leftists.” Not China. Indeed, China has achieved by far the greatest economy in human history, not because they’ve been ripping off America, but despite *America’s* attempts at ripping off *them* and other developing nations. Economists regard China’s ascendance as an economic miracle, but it’s not a miracle. It’s Marxism.

Just as China has done Marxism immeasurably better than the Soviet Union, America can and should do Marxism far better than China.

Rather than fighting China and the [BRICS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BRICS), a fight we will surely lose, we should put America first by working with them and learning from their mistakes as well as their successes. We should develop our own distinctly American style of Marxism based on liberty, decentralization of power, and upholding democracy; and understanding spirituality not merely as “the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions” ([per Marx](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opium_of_the_people#:~:text=Religion%20is%20the%20sigh)), but also as an essential aspect of the human experience.

Like hierarchs from two denominations of the same hypocritical religion, Republican and Democratic leadership have long colluded together with business elites in suppressing the growth of such an American Marxist tradition, which would expose them and strip them of their corrupt power. We’ve never had actual free markets in America, but rather excessive concentrations of power and socialism for the rich. Our political and “private enterprise” elites have been Marxists all along, yet perversely keeping Marxism for themselves in order to wield it against us. You could say they are *reverse* Marxists. And it’s time to spread the Marxism around.

## What Is Marxism?

In short, economic meteorology.

Developed originally by 19th-century economist and philosopher Karl Marx (*et al.*), Marxism is set of tools for helping people see clearly how economies function, and how human civilizations evolve as influenced by economic realities such as class conflict, exploitation, imperialism, and capitalism. Yes, Marxism is an ideology, but properly a *functional* ideology like the scientific method, the practice of medicine, or storm chasing. As such, Marxism is a diverse living tradition that learns, grows, and improves over time, with plenty of intramural disagreement and debate. Contrary to the propaganda almost every American alive has been fed since childhood, Marxism does not prescribe authoritarian government, central planning of the economy, government ownership of all enterprise and means of production, or suppression of liberties (like freedom of speech and freedom of religion). Marxism is more descriptive and predictive. Like storm chasers and meteorologists, Marxists analyze the economic atmosphere with the understanding that capitalist firms tend to become damaging economic storms and even economic tornados. The biggest firms are economic hurricanes.

Perhaps the core idea of Marxism is this: That business firms, like storms, are not benign entities and that capitalist economic conditions, like tornadic atmospheric conditions, are *very* dangerous. While capitalist firms can be staggeringly awesome and productive, they inherently become more destructive as they increase in power. A storm can only intensify beyond a certain level by developing a violently rotating updraft that voraciously consumes the atmospheric energy around it, producing excessive outputs like too much rain or wind and unwanted outputs like hail or lightning. Likewise, capitalist firms must obey similar unthinking dynamics in pursuit of ever-increasing profits.

Capitalist orthodoxy irrationally insists that capitalism is simply good, never mind all the death and misery we see it directly causing, even as it neglects dire human needs, while excessively producing things we don't need. In stark contrast, Marxism insists that we face reality. Capitalism can do good things. It is certainly an improvement in many ways over feudalism. But capitalism is immensely harmful, and we can improve beyond capitalism just as we improved beyond feudalism.

Marxism insists on accepting the undeniable reality that an economy premised on growing profits, instead of meeting human needs and building human community, will always result in burning up individuals and communities as fuel for profit engines. Such an economy may lift you up, but it will do so violently, and at some point it will drop you from any height. Inevitably, such an economy eventually coalesces into an all-consuming storm.

